### Project created in winter semester 2021/2022 at Johannes Kepler University in Linz
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Explainable AI Assignment 1: Projection Space Exploration
In this assignment, you are challenged to analyze and compare solutions of a problem, game, algorithm, model, or anything else that can be represented by sequential states. For this, you will project the high-dimensional states to the two-dimensional space, connect the states, and add meta-data to the visualization.

**Team Name:** a-team

**Group Members**

| Student ID    | First Name  | Last Name      | E-Mail |  Workload [%] |
| --------------|-------------|----------------|--------|---------------|
| k51824612        | Vojtech      | Vlcek            |k51824612@students.jku.at  |30          |
| k12123727        | Agata        | Kaczmarek        |k12123727@students.jku.at  |30        |
| k01548414     | Clarissa    | Veitch         |k01548414@students.jku.at  |10         |
| k51831785        | Simeon      | Quant         |k51831785@students.jku.at  |30         |

### Dataset
Please add your dataset to the repository (or provide a link if it is too large) and answer the following questions about it:

* Which dataset are you using? What is it about?<br>
    We decided to use a dataset containing many games of the board game Othello. You can try it out at: https://www.eothello.com/

* Where did you get this dataset from (i.e., source of the dataset)? How was the dataset generated?<br>
  We got the dataset from Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/andrefpoliveira/othello-games), from the user André Oliveria. The dataset was generated by recording each move in the game. It contains games played by the TOP 100 players on eOthello. 

* What is dataset size in terms of nodes, items, rows, columns, ...?<br>
  The dataset contains 25 658 rows where each row represents one game of Othello. The dataset has 3 columns, eOthello_game_id, winner and game_moves. In the column winner, 1 stands for win for blacks, -1 for whites, and 0 for a draw. The column game_moves contains sequences of game moves. To be able to use this dataset, we will have to translate the moves into game states.

* What do you want to analyze?<br>
  We would like to find out patterns which may indicate various game strategies. Furthermore, we would like to see which game states tend to lead to certain defeat.

* What are you expecting to see?<br>
  As mentioned in the previous paragraph, we expect to see patterns which may indicate various game strategies.
